Week 1

From the team-role-preference quiz, the most compatible role for me was researcher, followed closely by facilitator. I think these roles suit me well and accurately describe what my impact will be in the team.

I am very interested in front-end design and specifically designing user interfaces. I find it interesting how certain app layouts and designs can strongly effect user experience especially pertaining to simplicity. I think there is a gap in the tech industry as a whole when it comes to designing software that everybody can navigate easily. As our app is for health and fitness, it will need to be accessible for any individual who suffers from energy-limiting conditions, which may include older generations who are not comfortable or used to navigating apps. I think one of my strengths in this team will be designing an interface that strikes the balance between concise and informative, as well as making it easily navigable.

I am keen to learn and enjoy researching subjects that interest me, which I think will be helpful for suggesting ideas to my team and contributing to the conceptual design of our product. In the context of this project, that could include researching which of the stats we are most useful for people with energy-limiting conditions or most useful to determine a persons remaining energy threshold for the day, and how to process and display these statistics. The facilitator role also applies to this as I think I will be good at finding information to aid other team members in their tasks.

The third most compatible role for me from this quiz was diplomat which I also think I will be well suited to. As my other roles are based around information gathering and ideas, I think I will have a good overview of the project and can contribute in group decisions. I am good and keeping positivity, encouraging teamwork and resolving conflicts and I think these skills will be helpful regarding the overall workflow of the group.